LED Cube Project

The Multiple LED Cube Controller will have 3-4 light emitting diode cubes
will come to life and interact with each other to create dazzling displays
of art and beauty. The dazzling displays that it will emit include shapes,
words, and possibly in the future interactive games like Snake, Tetris, or
Pacman. Each cube will consist of 5x5x5 LEDs, which is 125 LEDs in total. 
The LEDs we will possibly use include the following: 4-pin red green blue 
LEDs, 2-pin pulse width modulation bi-color LEDs or 3-pin bi-color LEDs. A
wireless chip will control communication among the cubes and with the main
computer. The wireless chips we have in mind include the Zigbee or some 
generic bluetooth communicating chip. All cubes will be inside of a 
protective casing along with magnets that will connect cubes to each 
other. The casing will probably consist of plexiglass, transparent plastic
or some other cheap see-through and sturdy material. Screws or special 
glue should hold the casings in tact. The magnets will interact with the 
hall effects sensors included in each cube. We will be using flat and thin
magnets to keep the cubes together when interacting. The hall effect 
sensors we have in mind will basically cause the LED voltage to change 
according to which magnetic pole is reacting with the hall effect sensors.
The power supply for each cube will consist of regular batteries. The 
batteries will most likely be generic AA or AAA cells depending on our 
hardware specification requirements. Oregon State University is our senior
project sponsor. The total budget for this project is minimal, so cost 
effectiveness is key to the success of our project. Our target audience is
everyone and the purpose is for entertainment and perhaps other applications
as well. We hope that our project will facilitate more ideas for different 
projects and solutions to the engineering problems we face today and in the 
future.

Feel free to contact the members below using the corresponding e-mail links 
(replace NOSPAM with oregonstate):

	Thao-Trang "Valerie" Hoang - hoangt@onid.NOSPAM.edu
	Patrick Miesen - patrickmiesen@gmail.com
	Douglas "Alex" Dziggel - dziggeld@onid.NOSPAM.edu

	Thanks for visiting the page!
	Team Name: "The Tesseract Terrors"
	Motto: TEARIN' IT UP!
	Another thanks to our sponsor, Oregon State University, as well as our mentor, Donald Heer.

>>>>>>> 5734baf1e57ca8605b6dd6c1f8c2547cd9766490
